{% extends "base.xhtml" %}
{% load dominion_tags %}
{% block header %}
  <h1>Frequently Asked Questions</h1>
  <div>No, Dave's Galaxy does not have a bathroom.</div>
{% endblock %}
{% block content %}
<div class="indexcontent">
  <h3>Why Doesn't it Work in Internet Explorer?</h3>
  <p>Keeps out the riffraff</p>
  <p>
    Seriously, it should be fairly easy to support IE 9, but I don't 
    have a copy of windows, or a machine to run it on.  there are some
    (probably easy) bugs that would need to be fixed before it would 
    work.  Dave's Galaxy uses SVG for rendering, which is only supported 
    in IE 9.  I think I've only been asked for IE support twice, I do 
    most of my advertising in places were most everyone runs a different
    browser.
  </p>
  <p>
    If you would still like to play Dave's Galaxy, I recommend either 
    <a href="http://www.google.com/chrome">Chrome</a> or 
    <a href="http://www.mozilla.com/">Firefox</a>.
  </p>

  <h3>iPhone and iPad are also broken?</h3>
  <p>
    This one is more difficult.  SVG renders too slowly on the iPhone/iPad, and the
    UI would need a major overhaul to support touch input.  If I switch rendering over
    to canvas, I would need to write quite a bit of code to handle things that SVG
    gives me automatically, so I'm a little leery of doing so.
  </p>
  <p>
    It's definately on my radar though.  I think this would make an awesome game for
    the iPad, just need to get it working.
  </p>

  <h3>How does &lt;random game mechanic&gt; work?</h3>
  <p>
    The game has a reasonably good help system, you can access it on the map under 
    menu--&gt;help.  Some parts of the rules I keep fairly vague -- this serves
    two purposes:  1.  keeps people from relentlessly min-maxing the game.  2.  it
    allows you to discover how things work, which is fun.  Making mistakes and finding
    your way are under appreciated game mechanics, part of what makes life worth while.
  </p>
  <p>
    The tutorial in the help system will get you over the initial learning curve,
    the biggest thing is to at least build a few colonies -- get your eggs out of 1 basket as
    soon as possible.
  </p>

  <h3>What is this thing written in?</h3>
  <p>
    Server side, it's mostly Python and Django.  On the browser, it's SVG, 
    and Javascript/jQuery.  I use <a href="http://www.linode.com">Linode</a> for hosting, 
    they are a very nice company.
  </p>
  <p>
    The map is totally custom made, I use a few jquery plugins here and there (the bubble
    help, color picker, etc...).  If you like what you see, I am available on a
    contracting basis -- take a look at my <a href="/site_media/resume.pdf">resume</a>.
  </p>
</div>
{% endblock %}
